alright guys quick rent right here quick
rant i'm on skype right now and certain
people are over here and they're
bitching about the the hype for Gears of
War two yet they they played it
themselves yet they can't really form
their own opinion they have to put a
hype in as some sort of way to like
realize how good the game is but people
listen you play video games to have fun
ok it's fucking fun if you play video
games why the fuck do you care what
other people think I do are you a
fucking sheep do you only care about
what other people think you can't form
your own opinion is that what you're
fucking saying get a fucking get your
own opinion that's all I'm saying here
you are fucking retarded if you have to
listen to what everyone says I mean it's
always good to look at reviews or
whatever what people are saying but
don't judge it entirely on how much hype
it's got fuck you you fucking idiot
Jesus Christ gears of war two is a fun
game I had lots of fun playing it I
didn't like the the single campaign that
much but I fucking loved the horde mode
and the multiplayer modes and you know
what I didn't listen to one fucking
thing that anyone said that opinion is
my own if you think that's too hiked to
height that you won't even give it a
chance to play get the fuck off of video
games you fucking retard go read some
books you piece of shit because you're
fucking retarded ok you are so fucking
dumb you're the reason why shit like MTV
is popular as fuck because you can't
form your own opinion you have to listen
to what everyone else is get a fucking
life man alright Jesus Christ you guys
are if you guys are smart enough to form
your own opinion then that's great if
you hate gears of war two because you
think it's a shit game then fuck yeah i
love you you fucking rock but if you
think it's a shit game because it got
lots of hype or if you think it's an
awesome game just because everyone else
said so and you just want before the
cool crowd you need to fucking think
your priorities in order because you're
a fucking idiot or
that's all i gotta say i'm gonna get
lots of hate mail well fuck you if you
hate that you know what I pour my own
opinion if you think this sucks tell me
it fucking sucks just tell me it I don't
fucking care well I do care but i'm not
going to form my whole opinion off of it
you know I make a lot of videos and I
get a lot of shit comments on it who
gives a fuck ok i do what i love you
need to do what you love you need to
play video games and actually have fun
doing it without having to rely on
everyone else's choices alright that's
all i gotta say good night everyone